Warn user to use XFS in EBS Volumes (#992)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/deploy-minio-tenant.rst

   MinIO Tenants on EKS must use the :github:`EBS CSI Driver <kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver>` to provision the necessary underlying persistent volumes.
   MinIO strongly recommends using SSD-backed EBS volumes for best performance.

>    MinIO strongly recommends using xfs for csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype parameter in StorageClass.parameters

Reviewer: Minor fixups for formatting and style

```suggestion
   MinIO strongly recommends using the XFS filesystem by setting the ``csi.storage.k8s.io/fstype`` `parameter <https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/aws-ebs-csi-driver/blob/master/docs/parameters.md>`__ when creating the StorageClass for the EBS PV.
```

Reviewer: @cniackz LMK if this still reads accurately.

Reviewer: @cniackz ping!
